Hey you guys welcome back.
It's what we did last time.
Just had this little bit of code to make it so that when we hover over this bar here that mouse changes
to a pointer.
So what we're going do now is just work on this part of.
Some text there.
So if I go to my finished version of the site you see that on the right we have this text here and this
is what we're going to be having today.
So go back to your text editor and you show something else as well if you're using a blind text.
You can also do so as you file open.
And then instead of choosing a file you want to open.
If instead you choose the folder so choose my folder that contains my website here Okay so choose a
folder that contains your website.
It will open all of the fires within.
On the side here and that's useful because you can click on it and you can see each file rather than
having to open the new file every single time and you can just click on this by the right and you can
seal all the files in it and modify them from there.
Okay just low trip for you if you use and supplied text so only registers appear to be paid if not already
open.
And one last thing on this.
If you did do this.
If you click on it one time it previews it for you.
If you double click on it it will keep it in the tab for you.
Even if I click on The File now redstart BHP stays there.
So the rest is is to be paid.
Scroll down to the barn and we would add this after our input container gives you access to this device.
Here is where I went at it.
So if I scroll down here I can see that this is did have the closes the input container element.
So we want to add it after here is of hard to find out which div closes which element.
If you go to the top here.
As long as you've indented it properly like this is click on this arrow right.
Then you close it down for you.
See it collapse.
This pile right here.
If I opened it again you see it opens up all this div anyway.
As to the interconnect it is where I want to put this code.
Okay so that's this part here.
And what do you do.
It's actually pretty simple just div and this kind of have the idea of luggin text like that.
And then in there just to h one an fp closing age one time too.
And inside this heading alignment we're going to do get page music favourites.
JS This text as you like right now like that.
Save that and then really have another heading target Tony.
So if you want to use copy and paste that underneath and change this to to be a slightly smaller header
and then here we're just going to put something like listen to loads of songs for free like that.
Okay.
And you see that this pipe here served this part.
How was said in this part.
Others have to do now.
Is this buyer here and the way we do that is we're going to do it list and we just do unordered list
so you L..
Okay so you L stands for an ordered list and this is how you do it.
Bullet point list if you didn't know that.
So inside the U L were going to have L..
I elements okay and these stats aren't for a list item.
You'll see how this works.
But basically every hour we do it is a different bullet point if you want.
So in here we can put whatever you want to do just discover music.
You all fall in love with.
PACE those below.
I think we have three in ours and then one of these was create our own playlists and follow artist keyword
today.
So this can be create your own playlists and then.
Follow test to keep up to date like that and I realize a misspelled that was probably really annoying
some of you praying that I noticed that and then again say that and you see when you go back to refresh
its page it will look great.
But we have the main text we want again.
Now this effort to use your style.